# Code Generation

## Introduction
Code generation is always a tricky way of producing code, as the code is generated by a tool (seen as a black-box, behaviour not modifiable) from a model and the obtained code slightly differs from what could have been obtained manually. 
Some rules have to be considered to avoid desesparation while trying to get expected code:
* **a specific code generator is required for each target platform**. Hence thinking that a single code generator would do the job for all your projects will generate massive frustration when linking obtained code with third party code.
* **know your code generator capabilities**, define properly your software interface and how data/functions are implemented (full force implementation or basic machine) 


## Glossary

*Component* : a component is at least made of a specification (MACHINE) and a refinement (IMPLEMENTATION). When the transformation from the specification to the implementation generates too many proof obligations, one or several intermediate refinements might be needed (MACHINE -> REFINEMENT -> ... -> IMPLEMENTATION).

*Machine*: abstract machine that describes services (OPERATIONS) provided by a component. OPERATIONS signature have to be the same (name, returned values, input parameters name, type and order) among specification, refinement and implementation.

*Refinement*: a model that is less abstract (more concrete) than the component specification.

*Implementation*: final refinement of a MACHINE. An implementation makes only use of B0 language. 

*Basic machine*: Compenent that is specified in B but implemented manually. The specification component is only used to generate a skeleton that needs to be completed by manual/third-party code. 

*B0*:				subset of the B language that is directly implementable: sequence, if-then-else, loop, operation call, scalar type, tables. This subset depends on the code generator.

*B0 checker*:		tool to verify that an implementation complies with B0 constraints, that it is effectively implementable

## Generating C source code

Generating C source code requires a software development project. You should choose this option when you create your project. It is not possible to change the nature of a project after its creation. 
